Akka 2.6.6 (#721)
akka/akka.io: blog/_posts/2020-06-08-akka-2.6.6-released-split-brain-resolver.md

---
layout: post
title: Akka 2.6.6 Released
author: Patrik Nordwall
short: We are excited to announce the 2.6.6 patch release of Akka 2.6, including Split Brain Resolver
category: news
tags: [releases]
---

Dear hakkers,

> We are excited to announce a new patch release of Akka 2.6, which includes Lightbend's Split Brain Resolver. Notable changes relative to 2.6.5 include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are excited to announce a new patch release of Akka 2.6, which includes [Lightbend](https://www.lightbend.com/)'s [Split Brain Resolver](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/2.6/split-brain-resolver.html). Notable changes relative to 2.6.5 include:
```

* LZ4 compression alternative for Jackson serialization, thanks to [@contrun](https://github.com/contrun), [#27066](https://github.com/akka/akka/issues/27066)
* Bug fix in Cluster Sharding that could cause allocation to remain on removed node, [#29034](https://github.com/akka/akka/issues/29034).
* `EventSourcedBehavior.lastSequenceNumber` was off by one in some cases, [#28976](https://github.com/akka/akka/issues/28976)
* Use `CBOR` in `JacksonCborSerializer` instead of `JSON`. Rolling update must go through 2.6.5 when upgrading to 2.6.6, see [Rolling Updates notes](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/current/project/rolling-update.html#2-6-5-jacksoncborserializer)
* Update to Protobuf 3.11.4 in Akka's internal serialization [#29014](https://github.com/akka/akka/pull/29014)
* [Documentation of context propagation](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/current/stream/stream-context.html) in Akka Streams

A total of 60 issues were closed since 2.6.5. The complete list can be found on the [2.6.6 milestone](https://github.com/akka/akka/milestone/166?closed=1) on github.

## Split Brain Resolver

> With the continued growth of Akka Cluster to power cloud native applications around the world, Lightbend has recognized that the timing is right to contribute the Split Brain Resolver to the open source core of Akka.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the continued growth of Akka Cluster to power cloud native applications around the world, [Lightbend](https://www.lightbend.com/) has recognized that the timing is right to contribute the [Split Brain Resolver](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/2.6/split-brain-resolver.html) to the open source core of Akka.
```
